README.md, before:

# Bulb

This project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.15.

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/). 
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Deploying to Github Pages

Run `ng github-pages:deploy` to deploy to Github Pages.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng --help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

allow fake devices, update readme

README.md, after:

# Angular Bulbs

Angular Bulbs is a simple Angular 2 app that let's you control bluetooth enabled light bulbs. It was inspired by an Internet of Things (IoT) workshop I attended at Angular Connect 2016 in London.

This projects demonstrates 
 - how to connect to 1 or more devices
 - how to change their color by user input
 - how to change them programatically (a rainbox animation)

screenshot and photo goes here (gif)

The project was generated with [angular-cli](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.0.0-beta.15.

## Development server
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive/pipe/service/class`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/). 
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Deploying to Github Pages

Run `ng github-pages:deploy` to deploy to Github Pages.

## Further help

To get more help on the `angular-cli` use `ng --help` or go check out the [Angular-CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
